---
title: "0074 - [M220J]Ticket 2.1: Faceted Search"
tags: ["MongoDB University"]
album: "M220J: MongoDB for Java Developers"
---

## 问题

**User Story**

"As a user, I want to be able to filter cast search results by one facet, **metacritic** rating."

---

**Task**

For this ticket, you'll be required to modify the **getMoviesCastFaceted** method in `MovieDao.java`, so the MFlix application can perform faceted searches. You will find a more detailed description of the task as a comment in the `MovieDao.java` file.

_What is a Faceted Search?_

Faceted search is a way of narrowing down search results as search parameters are added. For example, let's say MFlix allows users to filter movies by a rating from 1 to 10, but Kate Winslet has only acted in movies that have a rating of 6 or higher.

If we didn't specify any other search parameters, MFlix would allow us to choose a rating between 1 and 10. But if we first search for Kate Winslet, MFlix would only let us choose a rating between 6 and 10, because none of the movie documents in the result set have a rating below 6.

If you're curious, you can read more about Faceted Search [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faceted_search).

_Faceted Search in MFlix_

Faceted searches on the MFlix site cannot be supported with the basic search method **getMovies**, because that method uses the Mongo query language. For faceted searches, the application must use the Aggregation Framework.

The method **getMoviesCastFaceted** uses the Aggregation Framework, and the individual stages in the pipeline have already been completed. Follow instructions in the `moviesDAO.js` file to append the required stages to the pipeline object.

---

**MFlix Functionality**

By default, faceted searches are not enabled. To enable faceted search in the UI, open the `index.html` file and enter:

```
useFacets: true;
```

in the mflix object.

Once implemented, the available movie search parameters will reflect the other search criteria.

---

**Testing and Running the Application**

If the application is already running, **stop the application** and run the unit tests for this ticket by executing the following command:

```bash
mvn test -Dtest=FacetedSearchTest
```

Once the unit tests are passing, run the application with:

```bash
mvn spring-boot:run
```

Or run the `Application.java` from your IDE.

Now proceed to the [status page](http://localhost:5000/status) to run the full suite of integration tests and get your validation code.

To have the application use the changes that you implemented for this ticket, make sure to **restart the application** after you completed those changes. Also, only refresh the status page to see the new results of the tests, after the application has been restarted.

After passing the relevant tests, what is the validation code for **Faceted Search**?

<!--more-->

## 解析

该题并没有考察 Aggregation Pipeline 的编写，只需要对 Aggregation Pipeline 中的阶段进行排序即可：

```java
public List<Document> getMoviesCastFaceted(int limit, int skip, String... cast) {
    // ...
    List<Bson> pipeline = new LinkedList<>();

    pipeline.add(matchStage);
    pipeline.add(sortStage);
    pipeline.add(skipStage);
    pipeline.add(limitStage);
    pipeline.add(facetStage);
    // ...
}
```

## 答案

5aa7d3948adcc3fb770f06fb
