---
title: "0075 - [M220J]Ticket 2.2: Paging"
tags: ["MongoDB University"]
album: "M220J: MongoDB for Java Developers"
---

## 问题

**User Story**

"As a user, I'd like to get the next page of results for my query by scrolling down in the main window of the application."

---

**Task**

Modify the method **getMoviesByGenre** in `moviesDAO.java`, to allow for paging.

---

**MFlix Functionality**

The UI is already asking for infinite scroll, but it's not implemented yet. Only the first 20 movies (the first "page" of movies) appear on the MFlix homepage.

Once this ticket is completed, scrolling to the bottom of the page will load the next 20 movies, or the next page of movies.

---

**Testing and Running the Application**

If the application is already running, **stop the application** and run the unit tests for this ticket by executing the following command:

```bash
mvn test -Dtest=PagingTest
```

Once the unit tests are passing, run the application with:

```bash
mvn spring-boot:run
```

Or run the `Application.java` from your IDE.

Now proceed to the [status page](http://localhost:5000/status) to run the full suite of integration tests and get your validation code.

To have the application use the changes that you implemented for this ticket, make sure to **restart the application** after you completed those changes. Also, only refresh the status page to see the new results of the tests, after the application has been restarted.

After passing the relevant tests, what is the validation code for **Paging**?

<!--more-->

## 解析

考察 cursor 与分页相关的方法：

- `skip`
- `limit`

Java 程序实现：

```java
    moviesCollection
            .find(castFilter)
            .sort(sort)
            .limit(limit)
            .skip(skip)
            .iterator()
            .forEachRemaining(movies::add);
```

注意：`skip`与`limit`的先后顺序无关。

## 答案

5a9824d057adff467fb1f526
