---
title: "0073 - [M220J]Ticket 1.3: Text and Subfield Search"
tags: ["MongoDB University"]
album: "M220J: MongoDB for Java Developers"
---

## 问题

**User Story**

"As a user, I'd like to be able to search movies by cast members, genre, or perform a text search of the plot summary, full plot, and title."

---

**Task**

For this ticket, you will need to modify the method **getMoviesByCast** in `MovieDao.java` to allow the following movie search criteria:

- `cast`: finds all movies that match the cast members of a movie

Already, **MovieDao.java** has implementation methods that is able to return results for two different types of movie search criteria:

- `text` : **getMoviesByText** - performs a text search in the movies collection
- `genres`: **getMoviesByGenre** - finds movies that include any of the wanted genres.

You just need to construct the query that queries the `movies` collection by cast.

A text index was created for you when you restored the collections with **mongorestore**, so these queries will be performant once they are implemented.

**Hint**

Check the implementation of similar formats of search criteria - the `cast` query should be similar.

---

**MFlix Functionality**

Once you complete this ticket, the UI will allow movie searches by members of the `cast`, movie `genres`, movie `title`, and `plot` summary.

---

**Testing and Running the Application**

Make sure you look at the tests in `TextAndSubfieldTest.java` to look at what is expected.

If the application is already running, **stop the application** and run the unit tests for this ticket by executing the following command:

```bash
mvn test -Dtest=TextAndSubfieldTest
```

Once the unit tests are passing, run the application with:

```bash
mvn spring-boot:run
```

Or run the `Application.java` from your IDE.

Now proceed to the [status page](http://localhost:5000/status) to run the full suite of integration tests and get your validation code.

To have the application use the changes that you implemented for this ticket, make sure to **restart the application** after you completed those changes. Also, only refresh the status page to see the new results of the tests, after the application has been restarted.

After passing the relevant tests, what is the validation code for **Text and Subfield Search**?

<!--more-->

## 解析

```java
public List<Document> getMoviesByCast(String sortKey, int limit, int skip, String... cast) {
    Bson castFilter = in("cast", cast);
    Bson sort = Sorts.descending(sortKey);
    List<Document> movies = new ArrayList<>();
    moviesCollection
        .find(castFilter)
        .sort(sort)
        .limit(limit)
        .skip(skip)
        .iterator()
        .forEachRemaining(movies::add);
    return movies;
}
```

## 答案

5a96a6a29c453a40d04922cc
