---
title: "0046 - [M220JS]Ticket 2.2: Faceted Search"
tags: ["MongoDB University"]
album: "M220JS: MongoDB for JavaScript Developers"
---

## 问题

**User Story**

"As a user, I want to be able to filter cast search results by one facet, **metacritic** rating."

---

**Task**

For this Ticket, you'll be required to implement one method in `moviesDAO.js`, **facetedSearch**, so the MFlix application can perform faceted searches.

_What is a Faceted Search?_

Faceted search is a way of narrowing down search results as search parameters are added. For example, let's say MFlix allows users to filter movies by a rating from 1 to 10, but Kate Winslet has only acted in movies that have a rating of 6 or higher.

If we didn't specify any other search parameters, MFlix would allow us to choose a rating between 1 and 10. But if we first search for Kate Winslet, MFlix would only let us choose a rating between 6 and 10, because none of the movie documents in the result set have a rating below 6.

If you're curious, you can read more about Faceted Search [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faceted_search).

_Faceted Search in MFlix_

Faceted searches on the MFlix site cannot be supported with the basic search method **getMovies**, because that method uses the Mongo query language. For faceted searches, the application must use the Aggregation Framework.

The method **facetedSearch** uses the Aggregation Framework, and the individual stages in the pipeline have already been completed. Follow instructions in the `moviesDAO.js` file to append the required stages to the pipeline object.

---

**MFlix Functionality**

By default, faceted searches are not enabled. To enable faceted search in the UI, open the `index.html` file and replace the script block with 'window.mflix' from:

```js
window.mflix = { useFacets: !1 };
```

nd change it to:

```js
mflix.useFacets = true;
```

Once this change is implemented and you reload the page in the UI, the available movie search parameters will reflect the other search criteria.

---

**Testing and Running the Application**

Look in the `facets.test.js` file in your **tests** directory to view the unit tests for this ticket.

You can run the unit tests for this ticket by running:

```bash
npm test -t facets
```

Once the unit tests are passing, run the application with:

```bash
npm start
```

Now proceed to the [status page](http://localhost:5000/status) to run the full suite of integration tests and get your validation code.

After passing the relevant tests, what is the validation code for **Faceted Search**?

<!--more-->

## 解析

改题并没有考察 Aggregation Pipeline 的编写，只需要对 Aggregation Pipeline 中的阶段进行排序即可：

```js
const queryPipeline = [
  matchStage,
  sortStage,
  // TODO Ticket: Faceted Search
  // Add the stages to queryPipeline in the correct order.
  skipStage,
  limitStage,
  facetStage
];
```

## 答案

5aa7d3948adcc3fb770f06fb
